updated_quickstart_guides (#217)
ACCIDDA/flepimop2: docs/index.md

The next generation of the flexible epidemic modeling pipeline.

## What is `flepimop2`?

> `flepimop2` is a Python package and command-line tool for running epidemic simulations. It works with configuration files to define and execute analysis pipelines. Because it is also a library, you can write custom analyses that read and write data in a way that works seamlessly with the rest of the pipeline, and advanced users can develop shareable modules that plug directly into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`flepimop2` is a Python package and command-line tool for running dynamic system simulations. It works with configuration files to define and execute analysis pipelines. Because it is also a library, you can write custom analyses that read and write data in a way that works seamlessly with the rest of the pipeline, and advanced users can develop shareable modules that plug directly into it.
```

At the core of flepimop2 is a modular design that separates three concerns:

> - **System**: the mathematical model describing how disease spreads (e.g., a compartmental SIR model)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **System**: the mathematical model describing how the dynamical system evolves (e.g., disease spreads with a compartmental SIR model)
```
